(ALF)
Your eyelids are growing heavy.
You are getting sleepy.
You are no longer a cat.
You are a bagel.
- What are you doing?
- Hey! You scared me.
You ought to wear a bell.
W-what's going on here?
Um, I was, uh, I was just
teaching Lucky how to tell time.
Show Willie what you've learned.
You were hypnotizing him,
weren't you?
[snapping fingers]
Okay, you caught us.
I'm trying to help Lucky
beat his smoking problem.
Alright, it looks like
it's once again time
to restate the rules
of the household.
Rule number one
we do not eat
members of the family.
Willie, Willie, Willie.
Lucky and I
were just kidding around.
[clears throat]
Uh, look, uh
I got to go pick up
Kate and the kids.
Now, while I'm gone,
I'd like you to refrain
from kidding Lucky.
No problem.
I'd also like you
to refrain
from playing with priceless
family heirlooms.
[chuckles]
It's broken.
Lucky fell on it.
You know, it's not always true
that they land on their feet.
Lucky?
Lucky, don't listen to him.
Don't listen to him.
You're not a bagel.
You're not a bagel!
But you are getting sleepy.
Just kidding!
[laughs]
[door closes]
[theme music]
[music continues]
[Bob Seger singing
"Old Time Rock And Roll"]
¶ Just take those old records
off the shelf ¶
¶ I sit and listen to 'em
by myself ¶
¶ Today's music
ain't got the same soul ¶
¶ I like that old time
rock and roll ¶
¶ Don't try to take me
to a disco ¶
¶ You'll never even get me
out on the floor ¶
¶ In ten minutes
I'll be late for the door ¶
¶ I like that old time
rock and roll ¶
¶ Still like that old time
¶ That kind of music
just soothes the soul ¶
¶ I reminisce
about the days of old ¶
¶ With that old time
rock and roll ¶¶
[music stops]
[door closes]
Maybe we should have
called first.
Well, I had the music
pretty loud.
I probably wouldn't
have heard the phone.
Uh, uh, I was planning
to have the place spotless
by the time you got back.
[thuds]
When did you expect us back?
In April?
When I left, you said
you were going to behave
but this is not behaving,
this is mass destruction.
I don't know what happened.
I was sitting here,
doing better than my best.
I decided I'd make myself
a little snack..
...the rest is a blur.
How can one alien
be so irresponsible?
I wasn't irresponsible.
I was hungry!
Did you eat
everything in the house?
No.
I don't think so.
Oh, wait a minute,
here's something.
Who wants a cookie?
I do.
I'll split it with you.
Brian, why don't you
go feed Lucky?
I hope there's some food left.
You didn't eat
all the cat food too, did you?
No way. I draw the line
at intestinal byproducts.
How can you eat so much?
I've been blessed
with multiple stomachs.
I don't understand
why you don't gain any weight.
It's all in the way
you combine your foods.
- Really? That's interesting.
- Yeah.
Merv did a show on it.
I have a tape here somewhere.
I don't believe this.
Merv says it works.
Of course,
have you seen Merv lately?
Alright, forget Merv.
We're not talking about Merv.
No more Merv!
Fine, he's off the air anyway.
Let's talk a little
about how much food costs.
Yeah, hey, Kate!
You know, you could
save a fortune
by clipping coupons.
They did a whole show
about it on Mer..
The fat guy's show.
Coupon clipping
is not a good idea.
I shouldn't be allowed
to hold scissors.
Am I being overly sensitive
or is there tension
in this room?
ALF, let's get
this place cleaned up.
I'll give you a hand.
Can we hold off
on that a second?
I feel a burp coming on.
Oh, goody.
Uh, while we're waiting..
...would you take off my shirt?
Sure.
It's.. No, not..
The one you're wearing.
Right.
I can't find Lucky.
Oh, he's around somewhere.
I looked all over.
I wonder where Lucky is.
Do you know, ALF?
Hold it.
[burps]
No.
I'll look around some more.
Brian, see if Lucky's
in the hamper!
He likes rolling around
in dirty laundry!
Who doesn't?
ALF..
...do you know where Lucky is?
You know Lucky,
he's a free spirit.
Last time I saw him
he was hightailing it
out of the window.
And what were you doing?
I was chasing him with a fork!
[laughing]
Just kidding.
On Melmac,
a cat-fork joke is a classic.
It's-it's right up there
with, with Seltzer bottles
and whoopee cushions.
No wonder vaudeville is dead.
ALF, the last time I saw Lucky
you were teaching him
to tell time.
- What are you getting at?
- Yeah.
What does tell time mean?
It means hypnotizing the cat
into thinking he's a bagel.
Oh.
Oh, you mean, you think ALF
might have, might have eaten..
ALF, you didn't!
Hey, hey, hey.
We're treading on some
pretty serious ground here.
These unjust accusations have
litigation written
all over them.
I know my rights.
I watch "People's Court."
ALF, did you eat Lucky or not?
Willie, I know the rules.
We don't eat
members of our family.
members of any family.
Well, which is it?
I can't find Lucky anywhere.
Well, maybe he got sucked
into a parallel dimension.
I've seen that happen before.
I, I don't think so.
Oh, so I guess there's only
one other explanation.
The alien must have eaten him.
Well, I didn't!
Smell my breath.
There's no Lucky on it.
[puffs]
That's the only thing
that's not on it.
ALF wouldn't eat Lucky.
Would you?
I'm not saying anything
until I talk to my attorney.
Now, look, maybe we're
rushing into judgment here.
Uh, maybe Lucky just
went for a walk.
I-I-I'm sure he'll turn up.
[gagging]
It's a fur ball.
- Lucky?
- Don't look.
Hey, this isn't Lucky.
I was licking
some Jell-O off my arms
and I, and I swallowed hair.
Come on, guys,
it's me you're talking to.
ALF.
I haven't eaten a cat
since I left Melmac.
[Brian crying]
Brian.
Lucky was my best friend!
Come on, don't cry.
Hey, what's with this family?
Didn't you ever hear
the expression
"Innocent until proven guilty?"
Not when the accused
coughs up the victim!
Is there anyone here
who doesn't think I'm guilty?
Well..
Thanks, Lynn.
...maybe you ate him
by accident.
I see.
Well, the indictment
has been handed down.
Thank you all
for your support.
Call me when you're finished
building the gallows.
Oh, and here.
Exhibit A! Hah!
[instrumental music]
[clock ticking]
[thinking]
Dear family..
No. Uh-uh. Too friendly.
Dear lynch mob..
Yeah, much better.
I've been accused of a crime
I did not commit.
Accused by people
I thought were my friends.
You say I am a murderer.
I say, the only thing
murdered today
was justice.
Oh, yeah. That is good.
But like David Janssen
in "The Fugitive.."
...I will travel the country
in a desperate attempt
to clear my name
by finding the one-armed man.
That can't be right.
By finding Lucky.
I will search relentlessly..
...taking time out
only to have love affairs
with beautiful women.
Now I must begin my journey.
Goodbye.
Yours till Niagara Falls..
...ALF.
Hmm.
Oops.
Huh.
[thinking]
PS..
...these are teardrops.
Yeah.
[instrumental music]
[clock ticking]
[clattering]
Oh, great. Breakfast.
Thanks, mom.
- Lynn!
- I'm sorry.
I'm just so hungry.
- Me too.
We better eat fast
before ALF gets to it.
Okay, I'll have
a bowl of Sugar Shocks.
Sugar Shocks
aren't good for you.
How about if I pour some
nice healthy milk on them?
How about if I pour some milk
on your oatmeal?
Chocolate milk?
It's a deal.
Where's ALF this morning?
Probably too ashamed
to come to breakfast.
Or too full.
I had a dream last night
that ALF came into my room
and tried to eat me.
Brian, ALF would never do that.
Of course, he wouldn't.
You sleep with us tonight.
[sighs]
You know, I almost
feel sorry for ALF.
Why?
I'm just trying to see things
through his eyes.
I'm trying to understand
why he ate Lucky.
I mean, ALF has
different instincts than we do.
On his planet they eat cats
the same way we eat cows.
We don't eat cows.
Where do you think
hamburgers come from?
The supermarket.
I have good news.
Brian, go get ALF.
I want you to look at something.
(Kate)
'What?'
I've analyzed the composition
of the fur ball
and I've compared it
to the clump of hair..
...uh, a clump
of ALF's hair
that I found
in the ice cream.
Now, the composition
of the fur ball
is the same as the hair
in the ice cream.
Do you know what that means?
It means breakfast is over.
No, it means ALF is innocent.
So we were wrong?
We accused him unjustly?
- We should have believed him.
- Oh.
- Where's ALF?
- I don't know.
- But I found this note.
- What does it say?
Oh, hmm..
[indistinct mumbling]
Let's, uh, skip the part
about David Janssen.
It says...he didn't eat Lucky.
Poor ALF.
It says he's gone out
to find Lucky
and to prove his innocence.
And his manhood.
This letter even has teardrops.
Grape-colored teardrops.
- He must feel so betrayed.
- Hmm.
I'm gonna go find him.
I'm going too.
I'm coming with you.
Me too.
ALF is all alone out there,
I'm really worried about him.
And he doesn't know
about crossing on the green
and not in between.
(Willie)
That's right.
- Where are we gonna look?
- I don't know.
- He could be anywhere.
- Yeah.
You know, we really
should have watched
more episodes
of "The Fugitive."
[instrumental music]
[inaudible]
[clangs]
[music continues]
[dramatic music]
[dogs whimpering]
So, uh...what are you guys
in for?
Okay, be that way.
Just tell me one thing.
That, uh,
that sign over there..
Does neutered mean
what I think it does?
[dogs barking]
I guess it does.
Look, uh,
anybody have a coat hanger?
I'll show you
how to get out of this dump.
- 'Here you go, boy.'
- Ixnay on the angerhay.
I think the screw's coming.
Oh, my gosh, he's got a horse.
Okay, who wants a roommate, huh?
Mm-mm-mm.
[gulps]
There's an empty one.
- There you go.
- Oh.
Whew!
[dogs barking]
What are you doing
without your jockey?
Just kidding, just kidding.
Gee. This whole
planet's uptight.
Come on, guys.
Let's loosen up.
¶ On Wisconsin
On Wisconsin ¶
Jump in when you're ready.
Let's go. Come on.
¶ On Wisconsin
On Wisconsin ¶
¶ Plunge on through that line ¶¶
Hey, hey, hey.
Hold it down in here!
There you go.
- Lucky?
- Huh?
[grunting]
Psst, hey.
Hey, Trigger.
Shh! Act cool. Listen.
You seem like a sweetheart.
I'm gonna let you
break out of here
with me tonight.
Yeah. Here's the plan.
We wait until it gets dark
then me, you,
and that cat over there
are gonna make a run
for it. Alright?
Look, all you have to do
is gnaw through this wire mesh.
Got that?
Good. Ixnay, ixnay. Okay.
Well, there they are.
Take your pick.
It smells terrible in here.
Oh, you get used to it.
Some of us wouldn't want to.
Come on, Heidi,
pick a nice cat
and then we'll go.
I can't be rushed.
Well, what kind of cat is that?
Oh, I-I don't know.
I don't know too much
about these things.
- I only work here part-time.
- Mm-hmm.
I'm-I'm an actor.
My dad's a producer
and he says
all actors are idiots.
[laughing]
Well, he's right.
Alright, very nice
to meet you, sir.
- Yeah.
- What is that monstrosity?
(Keith)
Uh..
...that's a dog.
I think.
Well, gas it.
No one's gonna want it.
[growling]
May I show you something
in a tabby?
Now, this cat and I were
in a commercial together once.
His face, my voice.
Maybe you saw it.
"Oh, boy. Salmon Chips.
They are purr-fect."
I don't think so.
I don't like any of these cats.
I want one
that costs a lot of money.
Come on, Heidi,
I'm sure you can find something.
Oh, alright.
I guess that cat there
doesn't look too gross.
Ah, good.
Nice choice. Nice choice.
Just came in
a little while ago.
Okay...there you go.
- What are you gonna name him?
- What's your name?
- Keith.
- Not Keith.
- Let's go, dad.
- Thanks very much.
Oh, you're welcome.
Oh, listen.
Listen, I'm appearing
in a small workshop production
of "Extremities"
this weekend.
Uh, if you're
in the neighborhood
I'm the one
in the fireplace.
Looks like it's now or never.
[clattering]
Uh, hey! Hey, hey!
Hey! Hold it down!
I'm auditioning here.
[clattering]
Did you hear what I said?
Be quiet, you're scaring Damian.
Alright, alright, that's it!
[clattering continues]
Oh! Oh!
[upbeat music]
Dad, that dog took my cat!
Stop him!
[keys jingling]
They're here, Lucky.
I just can't wait
to see their faces
when they see you.
[door opens]
[Kate sighs]
- ALF, you're back!
- Thank goodness.
We've been looking
all over for you.
Uh, before you say another word
may I present to you
"Exhibit B?"
Well, I guess
this case is closed.
It's a cat.
It's not just any cat,
it's Lucky!
How soon they forget.
Uh, ALF, uh, I-I think
you've made a mistake.
- ALF.
- Lucky?
Yeah, it's Lucky.
You know,
it's a, it's a funny thing
he was in Mrs. Ochmonek's
basement the whole time.
Well, don't we feel foolish.
Now we have two cats.
No problem.
You're getting sleepy.
- ALF!
- Just kidding!
[tapping]
There you go, Luckheimer.
Ooh, yeah.
[laughs]
Who'd ever thought
we'd see the day
when they'd trust me
to feed you, huh?
[laughs]
Yeah.
Right now,
I'm in the catbird seat
so to speak.
Right now,
I can get away with murder..
...so to speak.
Right now,
I could walk over
to that refrigerator over there
grab a couple of slices
of whole-wheat bread
a little mayo,
and slap together a B-L-T.
Bacon, Lucky, and Tomato.
[ALF laughing]
Yeah. Yeah.
I could do that.
And they wouldn't even
have the nerve
to point their finger
at the old ALFer.
No, they'd probably
blame Willie
before they'd blame me.
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
I could do that.
But I won't.
And why is that?
Because they trust me.
[clicks tongue]
But don't get too comfortable.
¶ Just take those
old records off the shelf ¶
¶ I sit and listen to 'em
by myself ¶
¶ Today's music
ain't got the same soul ¶
¶ I like that old time
rock and roll ¶
¶ Don't try to take me
to a disco ¶
¶ You'll never even
get me out on the floor ¶
¶ In ten minutes
I'll be late for the door ¶
¶ I like that old time
rock and.. ¶¶